Welcomed a clear and simple Vee's for sixty five foundations.
Part two.
Now I know you might be tempted to skip over this introduction but stick with me for a moment while
I mention some important resources that can really help you succeed.
I promise.
This whole process will take less than three minutes.
My name is Rick Creasey and I've been a VM were certified instructor since 2013.
I've taught vees fair to hundreds of students directly for VM Ware and I'm also the primary VM where
author for trainer tests stock comp as a long time instructor.
I can tell you the hands on experience is very important.
There are some great demos in this course.
There is also a lot of great free hands on lives that are provided by VM Ware.
So if you want to try some of this out check out via more free hands on Lap's.
This is the second course in a series of two dedicated to the vees fair sixty five foundations exam
you can find both courses on Anyuta to me and you're also welcome to reach out to me anytime for promo
codes.
Finally I want to encourage you to connect with me and to ask questions.
I want you to get the best possible experience from this class.
So if you have a question don't hesitate to reach out.
I'm happy to be along with you for this journey.
I want you to connect with me via LinkedIn or you can contact me through you to me.
But I'm on LinkedIn very frequently so that's really the best possible way to get in touch with me.
If there's anything I can do to improve this course please let me know.
I try to get all perfect five star reviews so if there's something I can do to improve your experience
please don't hesitate to reach out to me before you give it a review that's below 5 stars.
Thanks and enjoy learning about VSE faire.